Pardon me?
I said let's get a divorce.
Not why
I didn't gamble
Did nothing illegal
Aren't we getting better?
Just because it's so good
So I want to divorce you.
I used to be so fucked up
My family is so poor, you didn't divorce me
Now we are rich
You want to divorce me instead
I used to fantasize
You can get away from being a gambler.
Become the backbone of the family
Let me and Xiaorou have a good life
Now you did
No longer the gambler that everyone hated before
Become the city's most famous entrepreneur
But what
But is that wrong?
It's not your fault.
It's me now I'm not worthy of you
You are now a well-known entrepreneur in the city
But what am I
I am a textile factory worker
What qualifications do I have to be with you, Xiaoyan?
What are you thinking about?
No matter what you are
You are the most suitable person by my side
Do you really think I'm not? Of course
But I think
Yu Chuang is the most suitable person for you, right?